hey everyone welcome back to my channel
you guys are so close up because I want
you guys to actually see how my skin
looks I do have pretty dark circles here
and okay so you guys are pretty close up
but the camera is so far so this is what
my skin looks like I just needed to show
you guys like this is what my skin looks
like I don't really have any I don't
really have any pimples or anything I
have one right here I don't know if you
guys can see that I do have dark circles
fine lines all that jazz it's just
normal so a few of the products that I
use I know this filter this camera has
like a little bit of a filter on it but
I don't know how to take it off but I
did just zoom you guys in see you guys
can see so the first product that I use
is actually my face wash this is the
apurdie face wash it looks like this
it's like a really milky cleanser it's
not that it doesn't foam up or anything
and I don't really care for cleansers
that foam up
I don't really feel like it's either
making a difference or it's not if it
foams up or not so I do use this morning
and night I use it to remove my makeup I
use it to wash my face in the morning I
don't have a product that really just
goes into my pores and takes everything
out like a brush or anything I don't use
anything just my hands so that's that
and then the next product that I use in
the morning I'm actually going to go
ahead and do my skincare routine because
I haven't done it my serum is the
Clarins
double serum it has hydric and lip-lip
Inuk lip it ik system that's what it
says on the package it says complete
each control concentrate so I have this
package as well this is the old
packaging it had two separate containers
where it contained each serum and the
new packaging you can actually control
how much product comes out so it has a
bigger drop in the miss smaller drop so
you can control that and then you can
also I don't know if you guys can see in
the bottle there's like a center there's
a center where the one serum is in and
then the other
service on the outer portion so they did
repackage it I think it looks pretty
cool and I just put it on the smallest
the smallest drop just because I want to
use like as less product I use a lot two
and a half pumps of this and I just go
ahead and massage it onto my skin like
so I take this down my neck as well and
I just try to push up what I'm doing
this so this is the first product that I
use and that already gives me a really
nice glow and then I would just kind of
wait for that to dry just a little bit I
like to just tap whatever product is
left but I did just order like two more
of these because I love this stuff I
think it's what helps my skin looks
super youthful if I'm not mistaken I
have been using hyaluronic acid this is
the one that I use it's by skin diva and
it comes in this packaging here would
you be able to see it better there so it
comes in this packaging I really like
this because I feel like my skin really
looks plump and just super moisturized
in the morning and night so you're
supposed to do two to three drops I do a
drop on each cheek and then one on my
forehead go ahead and massage it into my
skin I like to focus this it be center
of my face just to kind of plump that
area and then wherever you have fine
lines just kind of push the product into
there I do a little bit on my my under
eye because I feel like that part needs
a little bit of hydration so I just kind
of like to push the product and I don't
really like tugging or pulling at my
skin so this is just what I do
okay so that's how my skin is looking
now it looks super hydrated the next
thing that I do is I will usually go in
with my moisturizer but for today I'm
gonna go in with my quarter stone
intensive healing formula this is what I
use for pimples for acne scars anything
like that and I'm going to just dab this
on also I do feel like this product this
clearance product did work for
hyperpigmentation and for dark spots so
I really have been liking that so I just
like to put this on my pimples wherever
I feel like I'm gonna get a pimple just
to kind of dry it out beforehand so I
see one here when I got back
Jim because I slept with my hand on my
face so I'm just gonna dab it in there
and then if I have any other dry spots I
will just go ahead and apply this there
so I'm gonna do between my eyebrows
because I've been seeing that it's a
little bit dry there I also wanted to
note that when I get out of the shower I
do use this mask this is a pink clay
mask by sandinsky Australia and this is
from brilliant skin it says it
detoxifies and brightens your skin this
really clears my pores and really just
cleans them out and it does what it says
it detoxifies the skin and I do find
that my pores are a little bit tighter
after I use this so I do really like it
and I find that it works amazing if you
guys can get this I know they have it on
ASOS and what other website did I see it
on recently land on revolve so I will
have those link down below but I love
this mask I did use quite a bit if you
guys want proof so there you go and I
just take the brush that it comes with
and I just put up light up to my t-zone
and I also do it here and then in this
whole area here and then also on my chin
because I have a lot of pores there and
I'm aware that I have large pores I
don't think my skin is perfect I have
like a huge indentation in my skin here
because I had really bad cystic acne so
I'm not saying like I have the most
perfect skin but if you guys want to
follow my regimen and see if it works
for you by all means do it the eye cream
I've been using right now is the belief
Boyce rising eye balm and this one looks
like this but I've also been using the
bare minerals age ageless of genius
firming and wrinkling smoothing eye
cream I do really like the bare minerals
one I find that it works like amazing on
my under eyes I've been wanting this
product for like the longest time ever
so I'm just gonna apply this one but I
do really like the belief one as well
you're supposed to apply it with your
ring finger because that's your most
gentle finger so I just like to put it
on here this one just really hydrates my
under eyes and ever since I've been
using my bare minerals product I've only
been using this one for a little bit by
the way and then my belief one I've been
using this
the believed since since the for another
20% off vib sale so this one I have been
loving but I find that it's not as thick
as I would like it to be you can get
like mela mela Nona nor what is that
Club I don't know it's like these little
circles here like just little white dots
around your eyes if your cream is a
little too thick if it starts clogging
your pores around your eyes you will
start to get like little white bumps and
you can only get them surgically removed
or numb them and then just kind of pop
them because they are essentially like
little blackheads but it's really
painful if you do it yourself so
definitely recommend to go to a
dermatologist and get that removed but
anyway I do really like this one it's
not as thick and this one is so
expensive I do still really like it I
just haven't been able to like dish the
money out to buy a bigger one but I know
that it's only five it's only 0.5 ounces
for the regular sized one and this one
is 0.7 teen fluid ounce so this one has
lasted me a long time out of both of
them I would recommend the bare minerals
one because this one just feels really
really nice and hydrating on the skin I
also use two boys risers don't kill me
please don't kill me I have the belief
moisturizer which looks like this this
one is the moisturizing balm it's the
darker kind of purplish indigo color
with the stripe and the aqua balm is the
one with like the turquoise color so if
you guys are interested in this product
just be sure you get the one with the
indigo stripe on it I love this product
because it really moisturizes my skin
and I find that I don't have any
problems with like my clogged pores or
anything I don't I love it like it just
really does what it says it's just a
moisturizing cream this one is a firming
wrinkle smoothing neck cream so I use
this one for my neck and then I use this
one for my face so this one is by bare
minerals I will help this one link down
below as well it's really important to
like to look I can't even speak today
with the book it's really important to
take care of your neck and all those
areas because they do age as well so
this is my neck cream I like to massage
it
like circular motions and then just
bring it up it smells kind of citrusy by
the way so I just kind of like to
massage this into my neck this really
helps firm it and I find that my skin
just feels a little bit tighter what I
do use this product so that's that it's
just a nut cream so I don't use this for
my face or anything but I really like
this product
I think it's smells really good and then
for my face this is the moisturizing
balm this is what I use to top it all
off actually I have another product but
this is just my everyday moisturizer I
use this morning and night because I
just find that I really like the way
that it sits on the skin it's really
moisturizing and I don't wake up with
dry flakes all over my face so I'm just
going to apply this to my skin and I
like to just push upwards just really
make sure that I get every part of my
face and the reason why I don't have
like a separate skincare routine for
like morning and night is because all of
the products that I use I need it to be
moisturizing like throughout the whole
entire frickin day while I'm sleeping I
don't want anything like lighter for
moisturizing or anything like I don't
need lighter products if anything I need
more soothing products and more
hydrating products to really just you
know just so my skin can soak it all up
these products are like so so
moisturizing for me so I get all the
moisture that I can get from my products
but if you find that you have a more dry
skin or if you find that you have really
oily skin you get oily like while you're
sleeping then of course get a lighter
moisturizer or get lighter products
don't use hyaluronic acid if you feel
like you don't need the moisture in your
skin these are just so essential for me
morning at night and my whole day every
day 24 hours a day like I need moisture
in my skin and this is what I use to
help seal in all of that moisture so you
can see my skin has a little bit of a
glow to it I don't really know what
that's from probably the hyaluronic acid
but then after I'm done I just like to
spray my neck and my face with the mrio
but
you facial spray I feel like butt -
scoop my desk you a desk you why do
people say my desk Oh anyway so I'm
gonna go ahead and just and like I said
I do put it like on my neck and on my
face just to give it a little bit more
moisture so that is my skincare routine
I hope that you guys enjoyed like I said
I'd do this morning and night so it's
not like if I just want to take off my
makeup and I don't really want to wash
my face which I don't really like doing
but if I absolutely have to or actually
if I'm drunk I don't wash my face I just
take it off with micellar water and I'm
good to go but I use these simple simple
micellar water I will leave the picture
on the screen because I don't want to go
get it it's all the way in the restroom
and I have been using that one because I
heard that the Garnier one isn't that
great for your skin because it has a
product in there that isn't really good
for your skin so I stopped using that
one and now I'm using the simple one and
I use them with the Shiseido facial
cotton pads and I really like those are
super smooth and soft for my skin so
that's what I use for just removing like
little makeup mistakes or just if I'm
too lazy to wash my face but there's no
other product that I use this is really
all of it it's not even not many
products actually I use my neck cream my
eye cream my serum my hyaluronic acid
and then I only do face masks like maybe
twice a week or if I feel like my skin
is a little bit more dry I will just out
of face masks just to do it but that's
pretty much it I hope that you guys
enjoyed this video I know it wasn't
super like there wasn't a lot of
products but it's not like science you
know I just I use these products this is
how my skin looks and I love it so I
hope that you guys enjoy it I will see
you guys in my next video if you have
any questions or comments or anything
like that leave them down below and I
will be sure to get back to you guys if
you guys have any questions about
ingredients that are in the products
yeah this is just what works for me and
hopefully works for you too I will see
you guys my next video bye